Document changes in the AWS jslib v0.5.0 (#787)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/20 jslib/01 jslib/05 aws.md

description: "aws is a library implementing APIs for accessing a selection of AWS servicese"
---

The `aws` module is a JavaScript library that wraps around some Amazon AWS services API. 

The library exposes a couple of configuration and client classes allowing to interact with a subset of AWS services in the context of k6 load test scripts:
- The [S3Client](/javascript-api/jslib/aws/s3client) to list S3 buckets and the objects they contain, as well as uploading, downloading and deleting objects from them.
- The [SecretsManagerClient](/javascript-api/jslib/aws/secretsmanagerclient) class allows listing, getting, creating, updating, and deleting secrets from the AWS secrets manager service.

> - The [KMSClient](/javascript-api/jslib/aws/kmsclient) class allows listing keys, and generating data keys from the AWS Key Management Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [KMSClient](/javascript-api/jslib/aws/kmsclient) class allows listing keys and generating data keys from the AWS Key Management Service.
```

Reviewer: Does the class _allow_, or _do_ these actions? If listing and generating keys is functionality, I'd go with:

> The KMSClient class can list keys and generate data keys from the...

And if "keys" and "data" keys are the same, we could go shorter:

> The KMSClient class lists and generates keys from the ...

Reviewer: Oh, now I see that "allows *ing" is everywhere; maybe it's not worth changing.

Author: That's really good input. Vale always complains that I use "allow" too much, but I never know what to replace it with 👍🏻

description: "aws is a library implementing APIs for accessing a selection of AWS servicese"
---

The `aws` module is a JavaScript library that wraps around some Amazon AWS services API. 

The library exposes a couple of configuration and client classes allowing to interact with a subset of AWS services in the context of k6 load test scripts:
- [S3Client](/javascript-api/jslib/aws/s3client): a class to list S3 buckets and the objects they contain, as well as uploading, downloading and deleting objects from them.

> - [SecretsManagerClient](/javascript-api/jslib/aws/secretsmanagerclient): a class allows listing, getting, creating, updating, and deleting secrets from the AWS secrets manager service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SecretsManagerClient](/javascript-api/jslib/aws/secretsmanagerclient): a class to list, get, create, update, and delete secrets from the AWS secrets manager service.
```
